then cooped up in the house all winter
long you're finally out look
everything's popping up the flowers are
out the leaves are coming out
we're here in beautiful Greenup County
back up where I grew up Carter County
right over the way I'm telling there's
something about it it can't even explain
- gobbles that's excellent I love seeing
two gobblers together
those are ground dragon beards right
there that's two bars you can be kill
right there
so I wanna say right there
we're out here on our mobile scouting
station I'm telling we're in this big
open area I can probably see from here
maybe 150 acres a huge farm huge open
acreage here in Eastern Kentucky
I got another bird whole other bird oh
man he's displaying oh and right above
that barn to the right of it I see two
or three more they're not paying a bit
more attention to those cows oh it's so
good to see oh oh there's another burden
a lot of times from a distance there's
nothing better staying up on top your
car truck looking around it's coming in
handy today so far we've seen about 15
Birds some really nice gobblers goodness
only knows what can end up happening for
right now they look like some pretty
relaxed birds and I like what I'm seeing
and we really like the looks of our spot
blind versus non blind situation when we
do a hunting show so we find ourselves
in a much better situation to be moving
around if we have to get different
camera angles so on and so forth we like
to use a blind and put some limbs on it
sometimes make it a little more 3d
we took some dogwood branches and put on
the blind and it just made it it just
made it disappear
you
we got in here this morning way before
daylight we're probably here at 5:15 to
make sure we got in here before before
daybreak we didn't want them to see us
coming in here now we really really
really watch these birds we knew what
they were doing we spent so much time
scouting oh it's just it's so important
to know what the birds are doing where
they're going what fields to use and
we're the displaying where the chase and
where the roost and we really put our
time in the Kentucky Department Fish
Wildlife said this year it's gonna be a
great year for birds we've had some
great hatches a lot of two year old
birds Plus that means a lot of birds out
there plus there's a lot of hens that
makes things a little tougher if you got
a lot of times you got a lot of hands
and they go to the hens and if they with
the hens it's hard to pull them in now a
decoy this time of year can be really
helpful what we experienced in this
particular hunt is we saw a lot of birds
coming through the field three times at
a time two times at a time we saw groups
of hens with one dominant bird who is
running everybody else off
that's when a decoy can come in really
handy an isolated female sitting over
here by herself these birds have been
run off from everybody else so you know
they're lonely and they're looking for a
girlfriend
how in the world are we gonna bring them
to us when all this activity's going on
well next thing you know they started
noticing Sally over here and they
started paying a whole lot of attention
to her because they'd been run off and
gradually gradually gradually and I have
to admit this morning somewhere in
transit I lost my striker so all the
callin I did today was with my mouth had
to do some mouth count which is very
effective it's hands-free here they came
down the field and one of these birds
saw this decoy started working towards
the decoy and decoys don't always work
but when there's a lot of birds a lot of
activity going on you can use that bird
to draw them into situations where they
might not come
this purge got a nice beard on anyone
what I didn't shoot off of him
got some nice get the black spurs on him
just a pretty good mature pert I'm
telling you what no that's not always
the way it's gonna work out but the
challenge of going out here and making
this happen it's not it's not a gimme
by any means even with the numbers of
birds we have but that challenge in
itself makes it a lot more exciting and
makes you want to get out there knowing
what those birds doing can help you set
up in a situation to where you can pull
that burden and they did at a 25-yard
shot took it and I want to be turkeying
I love it what a beautiful animal what a
gorgeous bird and I'm telling you what
this will make for some fun dinner